## Family Dinner Interrupted

There was a gasp at the door and there was a small giggle.  I looked behind me at the door to see Sahara and her daughter staring at us in the doorway.  Sahara looked angry, but her daughter was covering her mouth to hide her laughter.  I looked down at Dorian and he was bright red.  I laughed softly as I stood back up and moved towards the door and knelt down to the giggling girl and I lent my hand out to her.  "Hi.  I'm Nox."

She giggled and took my hand and shook softly, "I'm Misha."  

I raised her hand to my lips and smiled as I kissed her third knuckle.  "It is a pleasure to meet you Misha.  I take it it's time to eat."

She nodded emphatically and grasped my hand firmly and dragged me past her mother.  I stood up and slowed our walk out the door long enough.  "A pleasure Sahara.  I'd greet you properly but I don't have much choice right now."

Misha dragged me to the dinning room, "Gran, He's sitting next to me."

Mrs. Vega looked over at me and I smiled with a wink.  She looked back down at her grand daughter.  "I don't think Dorian will appreciate you stealing his boyfriend."

Misha dragged me towards a smaller table in the kitchen.  I pulled out a chair for Misha and she sat down like any princess should and I sat down next to her folding myself into the small chair easily.  There was a guffaw from the living room as my father glanced at me and rolled his eyes.

Dorian stepped into the kitchen, "You can sit here Nox, I'm sure Misha will understand."

I grinned at him.  "I'm alright."

He came in and kissed me on top of the head.  "Always flirting."

I looked up at him mouthed, "I love you Dorian."

He leaned down and kissed me softly, "I love you."

My heart soared as I watched Dorian take a seat on the opposite side of the table, I knew it was so he could watch me with the kids.  Misha wasn't the only one, there were two little boys.  Misha introduced them.  The boy to her right was her brother, "Lyle, this is Nox."

I offered him my hand and he shook it firmly and I pretended like he had a strong grip which made the boy smile brightly.  "My cousin, Eli."

The boy corrected her, "Junior."

I smiled.  "A pleasure, Junior.  I'm Nox."  I offered him my hand and he stuffed his fork in his mouth and ignored me.

Lyle and Misha told me all about the Vegas.  All about Gran and Papa's house, how they played hide and seek and capture the flag in the bedrooms.  My phone beeped at me and I pulled it out of my pocket and read the text and nearly froze when I saw who it was from.  

Eli Junior took my phone from my hand and threw it across the room.  "No phones at the table."

His father yelled at him from the dinning room table.  "We do not that son."

I shook my head. "It's alright, he's right."  I bowed my head in apology.  "I'm sorry."

The boy smiled and started chatting with his cousins.  The three of them were having a grand time telling me all about Dorian's childhood pictures.  They were describing them in great detail - particularly giggling over a boy wearing makeup.  Until I calmly informed them, "I wear make up."

I dazzled them with my fingernails and Misha giggled as she looked at them.  "You are a girl too."

I laughed. "No.  I'm far from a girl.  I just like boys."

Lyle wrinkled his nose and said, "Ewwww.  You've kissed Uncle Dorian?"

I smiled. "Yes, I have."

Misha looked at me with a stare that said she wanted no lie from me.  "Have you kissed any girls?"

I nodded.  "A few."

"And you like it?" Lyle asked.

"Yeah."

All three children said at the same time, "Kissing is gross."

I laughed.  "It can be messy, but you'll understand when you are older."

Lyle shook his head.  "I'm never going to kiss anyone other than my Mommy and Daddy."

"That's perfectly acceptable as well."

Sahara's husband who I'd not met yelled from the dinning room, "Lyle and Misha you make sure you eat all your vegetables."

From the looks on their faces they didn't like them.  I looked over at the adults at the table and only Dorian was watching me his mouth and I knew his smirk were hidden by his wine glass as I took the kids plates and scraped their vegetables to my plate with a finger to my lips.  Misha giggled and Lyle smiled widely.  Junior handed me his plate and I did the same.

My plate was filled with tons of vegetables and the kids giggled as I ate them all.  When my plate was empty Misha asked, "Momma, can we go play now?"

Sahara looked at the children's plates and nodded. "Yes, but no running in the house."

Misha and Lyle each of them grabbed one of my hands and pulled me to standing position and Eli shoved me in the direction they wanted to go.  "I'll go with you.  Just a second though, please?"

The nodded and looked up at me and I walked into the dinning room and took the wine glass from Dorian's hand took a swallow before handing it back to him and leaned down to whispere in his ear.  "Garrett knows I have what he wants.  He wants to meet."

Dorian took my hand that was on his shoulder.  "What did you tell him?" he said outloud.

"Nothing. Your nephew chucked my phone."

Dorian chucked.  "Junior?"  The boy looked over at Dorian.  "Can you get Nox's phone for me?"

He blushed slightly and nodded and hurried around the bar into the living room where he fetched my phone and handed it to me.

"Thanks."  I glanced at the number of texts that got worse the longer I didn't answer him.  I showed Dorian.  He took the phone from me and typed in the response. [i]Stop by Dorian's place in an hour.  I'll have what you want.[i]

"You didn't have to do that."  I said.

Dorian smiled.  "I know love.  I'm not going to let you do this alone."

Misha and Lyle tugged at my shirt, "Come one, let's play."

I nodded.  "Alright.  I have 30 minutes, then we have to go."  Dorian nodded and I kissed him softly on the lips and winked at him before leaving to follow the children into the living room.  

I heard Mrs. Vega say, "He's so good with children Dorian.  Maybe waiting has been good for you."

I chuckled to myself as Dorian tried to wave off the topic of conversation but he was failing miserably as everyone else got in on it.  I focused my attention back to the children.  They wanted to play video games.  Junior and Lyle were annoyed that I was better than them at it.  "You are so old" Lyle said, "How didja get so good."

I laughed.  "I shoot cross bows on a regular basis."

"That's not fair."  Junior said.

They stopped the game and piled on top of me and tried to tickle me.  I was ticklish when the right people did it but kids were always a bit too rough and it didn't work so well.  I ticked them back and then Misha joined in and the boys started ganging up on her so I took her side and protected her from the boys.  

We wound up giggling on the floor with the three of them fighting around me and using me as balancing beam.  I enjoyed the play time.  

Time flew by as I noted Dorian standing above my head with a grin. "You ready?"

I nodded and sat up with the kids still clinging to me.  I wrapped the three of them into a giant hug.   They were all stronger than I was but I held them easily enough.  "I gotta go.  Maybe we can spend some more time playing next weekend?"

Misha giggled.  "It's a date."

I laughed.  "We'll see alright.  I don't know what's on my plate yet."

Dorian offered me a hand and I took it.  He pulled me into a standing position and against him and I grinned.  "Shall we?"

Dorian kept my hand in his as he stepped into the dining room where the table was clear.  "We need to go.  Mother dinner was delicious."

I smiled at them.  "Thank you for allowing me to join your family dinner."

Mrs. Vega stood up and shook my hand.  "Our pleasure, Nox.  Next week you can cook for us?"

I smiled.  "Yes, ma'am.  I will make sure to rearrange my schedule if things conflict."

Dorian explained, "Everythings on his calendar."

Eli snorted from the other side of the room, "Everything?"

Dorian blushed.  "I suppose not everything."

I laughed.  "Oh I could.  Though since it's a public calendar, I don't think anyone would appreciate it."

Sahara asked, "Why a public calendar?"

"Because too many people need acess to it.  Only certain people can rearrange it, but it's easier that way.  It makes my life easier.  I'm not big on the surprises.  But we really need to go, not enough time to explain my annoying quirks."

Dorian chuckled and wrapped his arm around my waist, "Until next week family."